---
layout: post
title: "Layout"
date: 2020-08-20 16:40:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
author  : "Luis Leaños"
---




<html>
<head>
<style>

    #Panel{ background-color: blue;
            height: 500px;
            width: 700px;
            box-shadow: 15px 15px darkblue;
            padding: 5%;
    }
</style>


</head>

<body >

<div id=Panel>
    Step by Step Tutorial
    1. Setup
    Welcome to Jekyll’s step-by-step tutorial. The goal of this tutorial is to take you from having some front end web development experience to building your first Jekyll site from scratch — not relying on the default gem-based theme. Let’s get into it!
    
    InstallationPermalink
    Jekyll is a Ruby program so you need to install Ruby on your machine to begin with. Head over to the install guide and follow the instructions for your operating system.
    
    With Ruby setup you can install Jekyll by running the following in your terminal:
    
    gem install jekyll bundler
    To create a new Gemfile to list your project’s dependencies run:
    
    bundle init
    Now edit the Gemfile and add jekyll as a dependency:
    
    gem "jekyll"
    Finally run bundle to install jekyll for your project.
    
    You can now prefix all jekyll commands listed in this tutorial with bundle exec to make sure you use the jekyll version defined in your Gemfile.
    
    Create a sitePermalink
    It’s time to create a site! Create a new directory for your site, you can name it whatever you’d like. Through the rest of this tutorial we’ll refer to this directory as “root”.
    
    If you’re feeling adventurous, you can also initialize a Git repository here. One of the great things about Jekyll is there’s no database. All content and site structure are files which a Git repository can version. Using a repository is completely optional but it’s a great habit to get into. You can learn more about using Git by reading through the Git Handbook.

</body>







</html>